hello everybody I got another toy in the
mail today pretty cool stuff
basically what I've got today is a new
turn signal relay flasher I bought this
from auto winter calm and it's called
tap turn essentially it allows me to use
LED turn signal bulbs without needing
resistors or anything and it gives you
some other cool features which I'll show
you here in a minute so turn on the car
basically just on mode and then if I use
the signal you see no flat no fast
blinking they're just regular blinks of
course I brought LEDs all around so it's
required sorry but basically this signal
this this tap this is a relay thing
gives me a tap turn which means I can
just tap the signals lock and I get a
set number of blanks which is set to 3
by default so left or right you just get
three flags so this is like for changing
lanes or whatever and if you want just
one blink you can just hold it down for
one blink and you get one blink or you
know - but then you just do it real
quickly and you get three so now I'm
kind of OCD and also kind of musical and
I just like four before it makes sense
to me so I'm going to change it to four
and I'll show you how to get it turn off
the car and now that it's off if you do
the signal if you tap the signal you get
hazards and what it tells you now is it
blink three times between sets of
setting for three so if I want to go up
to four I have to basically hit the
switch up so now that it's been the wall
it has to do it twice so I hit that one
just shows me it's at three and then I
have to do it again and there we go now
it's at four and you can set it from
between three and six but I think forest
perfect for me now if I turn the car by
go on
now I can just like it tap it like that
and we get four blanks so that's pretty
cool and that's actually kind of fun so
but then at the same time one of the
other cool things that we'll do which we
don't need on it has hazard mode and if
you switch the stock one way or the
other you get two separate modes so this
is normal if I put it on left it goes
into slow mode which is half speed which
I mean I guess is different but then
what I think is cool is having it in a
the right mode is wig wag so I mean I
don't know if you can really see that
it's kind of washed out looking but I
don't know I think that's cool so then
that's just by switching a stock one way
or the other you can change it any mode
so that's really easy
remember that and then this I bought the
optional strobe pack which basically can
add a strobe effect to any of the DeMott
the modes which I've shown you so far
either them to Havard any of the three
hazards or the signals I personally
don't really want my signals to strobe
all the time but I think maybe having a
hazard store would be cool so I'm
looking at the instructions here
basically I have to change it to strobe
mode so now that it off it says turn to
the on position which is using the key
okay and then put it in write mode and
then put it on the hazards wig leg
begins I couldn't read it off there we
go check that out I think that's just
funny kind of annoying sounding but but
well and this has several modes you can
switch you can do it so that it's on
so it only strobes when you're Park and
then the next mode is you throw this
when it's parked or when it's driving
and then the final mode is strobing on
all foot hazard and signals because like
right now if I were to turn her on see
the car is on so it stopped strobing so
if I want to make it so that it's in the
next mode I have to basically do that
tap dance again which I guess is
probably just trimming off the Heather's
and then turning back on hazards no
let's see
right right on and then off there it is
so now if I put it on on mode it should
keep strobing okay there we go so this
is mode see if I were to do it again
then the signals would also flash but
because I don't want to do that you see
I just have it on signal mode it's not
strobing anymore but then heather mode
it will and of course I've got to switch
on in the right mode if I put it in the
regular mode it'll just scrub the
regular hazards and then of course
putting it left is for strobes and slow
mode but that's pretty much what this
thing does so I think we're gonna have
some fun with it if I can just get out
here and shape but this looks like
really quick there we go so I don't know
that might be cool some point